README.md, before:

# FISSION IPFS Photo Gallery Sample App

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fission-suite/ipfs-photo-gallery.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fission-suite/ipfs-photo-gallery)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/fission-suite/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c74db4c1b6013145068f/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/fission-suite/ipfs-photo-gallery/maintainability)
[![Built by FISSION](https://img.shields.io/badge/⌘-Built_by_FISSION-purple.svg)](https://fission.codes)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/478735028319158273.svg)](https://discord.gg/zAQBDEq)

This is a sample app for using the FISSION IPFS Heroku Add On.

Instructions for running in Alpha tester mode are [on the forum](https://talk.fission.codes/t/ipfs-photo-gallery-in-alpha-mode/197), as well as using `curl` to use your credentials to upload to the API directly.


```
DEBUG="web-api-example:*" npm start
```

<!-- [![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy) -->

Commit message:

Brought in React version from @patdryburgh

README.md, after:

# FISSION IPFS Photo Gallery Sample App

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fission-suite/ipfs-photo-gallery.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fission-suite/ipfs-photo-gallery)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/fission-suite/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c74db4c1b6013145068f/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/fission-suite/ipfs-photo-gallery/maintainability)
[![Built by FISSION](https://img.shields.io/badge/⌘-Built_by_FISSION-purple.svg)](https://fission.codes)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/478735028319158273.svg)](https://discord.gg/zAQBDEq)

This is a sample app for using the Fission IPFS Heroku Add On. It was bootstrapped with the Create React App.

This replaces the previous NodeJS / Express app, that is still available in the `express` branch of this repo.

<!-- [![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy) -->
